When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all of your work local?

	If you make some changes on a computer different than the one containing your local repository or if you have other folks contributing to your repository work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Similar to why you want to commit "logical" changes ... you may want to do the same thing using Git and since it won't know automatically what you determine is a logical pull point, then you would want to do this manually.
	
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Forks work entirely on GitHub and are used to essentially copy someone else's repository and put it in your GitHub repository and cut all ties back to the original person's repository.  Clones are done from your computer and can either clone a repository from a different location on your computer, or most likely, from someone else's GitHub by using the URL where that repository exists on their GitHub.  Finally, branching has already been described and is used to maintain one branch of changes (or more) separate from the master branch on your local computer.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	You know you have a current branch of the last remote changes stored on locally so you can make changes to the "latest" collaborative version.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	It would be harder because things would have to move in a serial vs. parallel fashion.  You would have to have several versions of file(s) stored on a common server and would need to coordinate each time any party wanted to make changes to ensure they had the latest version.  Then, someone else would have to wait until they were done to make changes or take a chance that their changes wouldn't conflict with the other persons changes and then would have to manually merge the change file(s).  Most likely, to be safe, people would work in a serial fashion resulting in lower productivity.

	